Tenant flag is now optional and other various changes (#9)
rhobs/obsctl-reloader-rules-checker: rule-repos/README.md

| [`osd-rhobs-rules-and-dashboards`](https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/service/osd-rhobs-rules-and-dashboards) | `osd` for prod & staging | The repository also contains dashboards
| [`redhat-appstudio/o11y`](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/o11y) | `rhtap` for prod & staging

## The [`resources`](./resources/) folder

It contains the files you need to copy in the new rule repository to create. Namely:
- The [`Makefile`](./resources/Makefile) (used for local devlopment)
- The [`README.md`](./resources/README.md)
- The CI files.

Pay attention to the comments in those files; make sure your proceed to the following adjustement when copying them:
- Replace `<tenant>` with the RHOBS tenant targeted by the new repository.  
  If the rule repository is targeting several tenants: replace `<tenant>` with the "base" tenant which is either one of the tenants or with some prefix common to all targeted tenants.
- Adapt sections tagged with `<adapt-if-template>` regarding whether or not you will generate a template for the rules in your new rule repository.  
  As a reminder, a template:

>   - **Agregates** all the Prometheus rules in a single object/file.

Reviewer: typo: Aggregates

Author: Thanks for pointing that out. Fixed.

  - **Is handy** in situations where you do not know in advance on what RHOBS tenant the rules will be deployed on.

>   - **Is required** when your rule repository targets several RHOBS tenant as the template let you define the targeted tenant when it is intanciated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Is required** when your rule repository targets several RHOBS tenants as the template lets you define the targeted tenant when it is instantiated.
```

Author: Thanks for pointing that out. Fixed.
